[POR-2024] Improve welcome page (#13790)
devopsdays/devopsdays-web: content/events/2024-portugal/welcome.md

    <h2>{{< event_start >}} - {{< event_end >}}</h2>
  </div>

  <div class="row justify-content-center">
    <h3>Alfandega do Porto Congress Centre, Porto, Portugal</h3>
  </div>

  <div class="row justify-content-center">
    <div class="col-md-2">
      {{< event_twitter >}}
    </div>
  </div>

  <hr style="margin:50px 0px"/>

  <div class="row justify-content-center">
    <div class="col-sm-2">
      <a href="https://devopsporto.com/"><img src="/img/sponsors/devopsporto.png" class="img-fluid mx-auto" /></a>
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm-6">
      <p><b>DevOpsDays Portugal is back! 2024 is the third edition of the event, and it’s powered by <a href="https://www.meetup.com/devopsporto/">DevOps Porto</a>, one of the communities dedicated to DevOps in Portugal. This year, we repeat the event in the beautiful city of Porto as the host city.</p></b>
    </div>
  </div>

  <hr style="margin:50px 0px"/>

  <div class="row">
    <!--<div class = "col-md-4">
      <h2>Register</h2>
      <p>Grab your ticket today and join us for two days of talks, open-spaces and networking.</p>
    </div>-->
    <div class = "col-md-6">
      <h2>Sponsor</h2>

>       <p>Helps us run the conference bby sponsoring the event. It's a great way to increase your componay and brand's visibility in the community and show you care.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <p>Helps us run the conference by sponsoring the event. It's a great way to increase your company and brand's visibility in the community and show that you care.</p>
```
